Pa, we have
something to tell you.
Well—
Pa, Via and I are together.
Wait, Via.
What about my hug?
- Via, come on.
- Just message me.
Okay, I’m heading out.
Why can’t he just like me back?
Is she talking about Arkin?
- Oh my gosh!
- I’m sorry!
What the heck!
Seriously, we need this
for the next scene.
I’m so sorry.
You need to look fine.
If you’re not okay,
then Arkin’s not okay.
Thanks.
That’s why I’m here, right?
To keep you company.
What more do you want?
Haven’t I done everything?
You call that everything?
All of it, everything—
So that’s everything now, huh?
Do you think that’s enough?
I don’t get you.
You’re so deep.
Can’t you just
tell it to me straight?
Have some mercy on me.
That’s not in the script.
Why? I just wanted to kiss you.
You were so cute twirling around.
I didn’t do that.
- How’d you do it?
- I don’t wanna.
I didn’t do that!
Just sit, Kino!
What were you even doing?
Oh my gosh.
Kino?
Yeah?
How much is your talent fee?
Why are you asking?
Because...
there’s an event at our college,
and our organization is handling it.
I thought maybe...
we could invite you.
They keep
mentioning your name.
You’ve got a lot of fans there.
But it’s just a small event, okay?
And this is only an inquiry.
All right, I’ll talk to my manager.
I’ll say I’ll do it for free.
Huh? For free?
Why?
Don’t do it for free.
Members of the org might wonder
how we invited you for free.
So don’t.
What do we do then?
Okay, let’s do this instead.
Tell them I’m doing
someone a favor,
and let’s limit the
performance to two songs.
Okay?
So there won’t be
any questions. Is that okay?
Okay.
Sure, I think they’ll
agree with two songs.
All right then.
By the way, are you sleeping here?
Yeah. You’re sleeping here.
Are you coming with us
to volleyball this weekend?
Yeah. Yanna and Sevi
will be there, right?
Wait, the snacks—
Where are you going?
Huh?
Kino!
Kino.
Okay.
Via?
Your heart’s beating so fast.
Are you okay?
Kino, are you going to do
something to me?
Wow.
Is that really how you see me?
I’m just saying… I’m being serious.
I just want to know so…
so I’m aware, so…
so I’m prepared,
so I’m ready if—
Ready for what?
Huh?
For that, you know. For—
- You know what I mean.
- For sex?
- Huh? Kino!
- Via!
I’m just saying, Kino, because—
I’m actually okay with it.
I’ve been thinking
about it for a while now,
it’s just so I know…
Just so I can prepare,
so I’m ready, like that.
Just…
Just so I know.
What? What’s so funny?
I’m sorry.
You just look cute.
I’m serious, though.
I’m really serious.
Come here.
Don’t worry.
I’m not in a rush.
Are you okay—
- Kino?
- Yeah. Let’s sleep.
Huh? Does it hurt?
- I’m just going to the bathroom.
- Are you okay?
Girls, you go ahead.
My car still isn’t here.
It might take too long.
So what? If it takes too long,
it’s fine, we’ve got plenty of time.
Hey Sam, thanks
for taking Avi out.
Of course. It’s fun
spoiling my godchild.
Oh my gosh, you’ve all
spoiled Avi so much.
Even Sevi and Arkin
were easily dragged
by Avi to buy her ice cream.
That’s fine.
Hey, Via!
What?
I just…
I just wanted to ask
you both something.
How do you do…
that?
That?
That… you know.
Huh?
You know… That.
Like what couples do and stuff.
That.
You mean sex?
Huh?
- Sam!
- Damn!
It’s weird when it’s two
of your friends doing it, huh?
I can’t imagine it.
How do I explain this?
Have you watched any
videos or none at all?
None at all.
Wait, how far have things
gone between you two?
Just making out, and
we sleep next to each other.
But just next to each other,
and we really go to sleep.
- Just sleeping.
- Just sleeping? You two are so innocent.
Here’s the thing…
Watch some videos.
For research purposes.
- Yeah, research.
- Yeah.
I’ll send you some links, okay?
I’ll recommend
something to you.
So you can learn something.
Look, Hiro was really good.
We ended up having Avi.
Yanna!
Yanna.
Oh, I’m sorry, so sorry.
Nothing like that.
So how often are
you supposed to do it?
How often do you guys do it?
- What about you, Sam?
- And you, Sam?
How often do you
and Clyden do it?
Well, when we
weren’t that busy—
We used to do it
around five times a week.
- There you go.
- Five times a week?
- Why so many?
- Five times.
That’s a lot.
It’s not a lot!
Wow, you all have experience.
I’m the only one who doesn’t.
Via, you don’t have to
feel pressured about it.
It’s okay to take your
time until you’re ready.
What matters is that
both you and Arkin
have a great first time.
- Right?
- Correct.
Oh, here. I’ll give this to you.
Here.
- Here, you’ll need it.
- This girl is prepared.
It’s better to be prepared.
I just don’t know Arkin’s size.
But you can handle it.
I’m sure that’ll fit.
There you go.
What is this?
What’s wrong? That’s normal.
You know we really should be safe
and enjoy ourselves
at the same time.
- Yes!
- Yeah!
- Hey, keep us updated, okay?
- Yeah.
Oh my gosh, my car is here.
- Your car is here.
- Yeah.
- Okay, you go ahead.
- Yes, okay.
I’ll see you later.
Update me on what happens.
You can use both or just one.
- Okay?
- Huh?
- I’ll send you the best one, okay?
- Oh my gosh, I forgot.
- Bye!
- Bye, take care.
Enjoy!
What, do you want a tutorial?
Not you too! Yanna!
Come on, just to make sure
your first time goes well.
So, for Monday’s schedule,
we have our food fest.
Guys, I already talked
to Larkin Sanchez.
He’ll be at our event tomorrow.
Really? How did you talk to him?
I—
I talked to someone
who knows him.
I was just hoping, and
luckily they answered.
Really? Larkin Sanchez?
Seriously?
Yeah, but...
is it okay if he only
performs two songs?
He’s just asking for a
token of appreciation,
even without a talent fee,
since he’s doing
someone here a favor.
I just don’t know who it is.
Girl, even just a “hi”
would’ve been enough.
But who do you think
he’s doing the favor for?
Could it be a relative here?
Or maybe a relative of Clea?
Speaking of, have you
guys seen that interview?
Huh? What interview?
Arkin lowkey admitted that
he and Clea are a thing!
Oh my god. Who’s that?
- Where?
- Interview?
Wait, here. Let’s watch it.
Okay, let me see.
So, Arkin, what’s the real
deal between you and Clea?
I’m sure a lot of
your fans are curious.
Well, I can say that our
relationship is very special to me,
and to her as well.
We are really good partners,
and we work well together.
So, are you guys official now?
You should ask Clea about that.
She knows the answer.
So juicy! Stay tuned, guys,
and we’ll ask Clea
if they really are a couple.
Also, Clea posted this
after the interview.
Via, tell them to have Clea join in.
Just kidding.
I’ll be right back.
Come on guys, back to work.
Okay guys, let’s organize the
stuff we need to print, okay?
- Okay.
- Okay, let’s move.
He didn’t tell me about this.
Sorry. I really need to talk to someone
about this. #arclea
Are they really just workmates?
Everyone knows Clea doesn’t
like fan service, so that means—
Maybe it’s not true, but let
me be delulu for a moment.
They’re really cute!
They’re totally a thing!
I saw them having lunch together.
There wasn’t even a shoot.
I’m gullible anyway,
just let me believe they’re real.
Can they just get together.
Just let us have this.
“Blind Item: Who is the love
team whose kissing scenes
are allegedly starting
to become real?”
Via, Larkin’s here!
Hi.
Here’s your food, Via.
Thanks.
Larkin, Via is the one
who contacted you.
She’s also the one who’ll
guide you during the sound check.
Okay.
Via! Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks, Larkin.
I still can’t believe this.
Okay, I’ll leave you
guys for now.
I’ll leave him to you, Via.
Sure, thanks.
Take out your guitar so
we can set things up.
Also, take that off for now,
in case anyone sees it.
They might notice.
You guys made it official, right?
You and—
Via, I’m sorry.
I didn’t know they were going
to announce it yesterday.
I was supposed to tell you after this.
Let’s not talk about it here.
I’m sorry.
Via?
Via, can you come with me?
Let's check the tech booth.
Sir Arkin, please excuse us.
- No problem.
- Sure.
All right! Let’s not
wait any longer.
Let us welcome our
guest of honor tonight,
the one and only
Larkin Sanchez!
Hi everyone, this is Larkin Sanchez.
Wow, right? I really got
invited to your school,
your budget is huge!
Nah, I’m kidding.
I have a friend, and
I’m doing them a favor.
So make sure to thank them.
So, I know you’re busy
with your studies
and your deadlines,
but I’m happy to
entertain you tonight.
So, for my first song,
this is actually the very
first song I ever wrote.
I don’t know if
you’ve heard it before,
but this is The Golden Scenery.
I hope you like it.
♪ Left thinking in the
midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ utterly bewildered by these feelings. ♪
♪ I can't tell if this is a dream, ♪
♪ as if my heart was
playing in the heavens. ♪
♪ In the daylight you are there, ♪
♪ beside me, and I gaze at you. ♪
♪ I don't know anymore, ♪
So you really invited my rival for Clea?
♪ I get confused
whenever I'm with you in… ♪
Aren’t you supposed
to be at the tech booth?
There are other
people there anyway.
♪ A golden scenery beneath the sky, ♪
You know—
Larkin looks familiar, but
I just can’t remember who.
♪ - As the wind blows, ♪
- Has he noticed?
♪ - along with the song, I feel your hand. ♪
- Has he done commercials before?
Huh?
♪ May my prayer be heard, ♪
♪ - that you love me in return. ♪
- Gotta admit, your idol has a great voice.
♪ An orange sky, painting
the beauty of your eyes. ♪
We’re taking it back
to our building, right?
Yeah.
Wait. That looks heavy.
No, it’s fine.
No, I’ll carry it.
No. I got it. Hold on.
- Via, does it hurt? Are you okay?
- Huh?
No, I’m fine. Yeah.
It’s nothing.
Nothing?
Does it hurt?
No.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Let’s go, Via.
Who is that, Via?
- Huh?
- Let’s go.
Kino, what are you doing?
Let go of me!
What? Does it hurt?
Are you mad?
Does it hurt because
you’re jealous?
Huh? Say it. What?
Via, please—
That’s actually good.
It hurts, right?
Good that you feel it,
so you have some
idea of how I feel.
But Kino, what I’m feeling
hurts way more.
Avianna, hear me out, okay?
You can’t just pull me
like that, Kino.
You’re not thinking,
you’re not careful.
Look at yourself?
What if someone
recognizes you again?
You just do whatever you want!
You don’t think about me.
You don’t think
about how I feel.
about how I’m doing.
You don’t think about
what I want to happen!
I’m not mad, Via, okay?
I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry about the news.
So what, you’re together now?
You’re going to say in
interviews that you’re a couple?
You’re going to tell everyone?
I have to, okay? Via, I have to.
I didn’t know they were
going to release it yesterday.
You know this already.
Orders from the management.
- I really can’t do anything.
- Fine! Okay, fine!
Okay, management.
But what happens now?
What happens now?
Are you going to act
like you’re together?
You’ll go out, go on dates,
be sweet, hug, kiss, like that?
So whatever we do,
you’re going to do
with her, too, is that it?
This is all just work.
You know—
You know you’re
the one I love, right?
I’m sorry you got dragged
into this situation.
Via, I’d understand if—
you can’t support me
on this anymore.
No, Kino.
I want to support you.
I really, really want to support you.
I promised you, didn’t I?
So even if—
Even if this breaks me, even
if I get hurt by this.
It’s okay. I’ll endure it.
I can handle it.
Because Kino, I love you.
Via.
I’ll go back in.
Via, I’m sorry.
That’s just how it is.
“ArClea: From Reel to Real”
“ArClea Confirms
They Are Together.”
“The Nation’s Favorite Love Team.
Now Officially In Love.”
Finally, they admitted it!
Some good news in the Philippines!
Wedding announcement when?
If these two break up,
I won’t believe in forever anymore!
I’ve never shipped
a couple this hard.
My ArClea heart is so happy right now!
Guess I’m swooning over
someone else’s love life again.
You really agreed to this?
This feels like way
too much publicity.
I mean, they’re already famous.
They don’t even need this.
So annoying.
Their new series is about to air,
so they said they
need more online buzz.
Look at this.
They want us to hype up
their announcement.
Via, I can’t do it.
Honestly, it’s fine even if I get
kicked out of the group chat.
Just let it be.
But you, are you okay?
How are you?
I’m fine.
And Kino already told me
about it anyway.
I already know
what’s going to happen.
Really? You’re not pretending?
Of course, there’s a bit of pain.
A bit of jealousy.
But what can I do?
I know what’s real.
And I promised Kino I’d
support him in his work.
And if what’s happening now
is better for his career,
why would I be against it, right?
That’s true.
But I’ll still support you, okay?
I still won’t hype it up,
even if they kick me
out of the group chat.
Thank you, Luna.
Do you want to just
go out for drinks?
Let’s just drink, come on!
Huh? Maybe next time,
I still need to do groceries.
But Luna, don’t worry.
I’m really okay, I promise.
Thank you.
Okay then.
Should I just be
a basher instead?
So annoying.
Via.
Kino.
I wish you told me
you were coming.
Good thing we ran into each other.
I’ve been waiting here
for a while.
I just wanted to see you.
So, do you have anything
to do right now?
Just grocery shopping.
Come on, I’ll go with you.
Really?
Let’s go.
Here, Via. This is just for
research purposes only.
You’re not really
supposed to copy this.
It’s unrealistic. But at least
you’ll have an idea, right?
Oh my gosh, Yanna. But thanks.
Just message me if you
still have more questions.
What matters is that
both you and Arkin
have a great first time.
Here. I’ll give this to you.
It’s better to be prepared.
Why are you just
staring off like that?
You look like you’re
thinking really deeply.
How are you?
Huh?
Why are you asking that?
They announced earlier that
Clea and I are officially together.
Are you okay?
Shit, did I lock the door?
Papa’s not going to knock, right?
Via?
Huh?
I told you before, didn’t I,
that I’d support you in everything
you do, so I’m okay.
I’m okay.
I only love you. You know that, right?
Kino.
I love you.
Oh my god. Is this it?
Why did you stop?
Can you still breathe?
Kino—
Oh my god. Is this it?
Are we going to do it?
I’m not ready. What do I do?
What are you getting?
- Huh?
Give it back—
Kino!
No. No, no, that’s not mine.
That’s Clyden’s.
Clyden?
Wow. You’re trying to take
Sam’s boyfriend now?
No. It’s Sam and Clyden’s.
Sam just gave it to me
because it was for us,
just in case… just in case…
if it happens to us—
You don’t need to explain.
You’re so cute.
Love you.
Via—
Are you okay?
Or are you already drunk?
Huh?
I’m sorry. I was just thinking
about what happened
between me and Kino last night.
Oh my gosh. You had sex?
- Oh my gosh!
- Sam—
- Sam!
Via, did you use the
condoms I gave you?
Sam! You’re too loud.
- Huh? What? No!
- No, no.
- Tell me the details.
- No, I don’t even know because—
No, I don’t know
how it even happens.
How do you do it?
How do you start?
Is there a sign?
A signal or something?
Via, don’t overthink it.
It’ll just happen when
it’s meant to happen.
You don't have to rush.
But you know, so you can
learn stuff like that,
let’s call Yanna!
So you’ll know the basics,
the positions.
Even just stuff like that.
I met Ely because we had
common friends at a party.
A player and an actor,
so she followed me.
What, are you jealous now?
Is that my fault?
Jealous? Moron!
With a face like this,
I’m more handsome than you.
- Well?
- What face?
Let me see. You look like a ladle.
Asshole.
That’s why you’re cooking, huh.
Wait.
Is that Adi?
Oh, he’s here.
Maybe I should tell Zorel.
Zorel?
Clea.
Aren’t you related, Sam?
Yeah. Related like second
cousins or something.
But we’re friends.
And I still can’t believe
she agreed to do that
whole dating thing with you.
Well, she probably has a deal
with the management.
I’m not allowed to say anything.
Well, it’s weird because
that’s another deducted point
for her crush.
Who?
I think it’s that football player, right?
Clea has a crush on someone?
So she’s just like Arkin.
Isn’t he friends with Kalix?
Maybe he’s here. Let’s go check.
Then we’ll take a picture
with him and send it to Luna.
Don’t be silly! And don’t
even try to interfere.
Good thing Luna stayed
back at the condo.
Yeah.
- Hi!
- Hi.
Hello, hi!
Oh my gosh.
Zorel!
- Hi!
- Hi.
You’re here.
You know what, I saw Adi.
He’s over there!
Okay, thank you.
Clea!
Hi, Arkin.
- I’ll see you later.
- Yeah.
- Cheers?
- Cheers, dude.
With me, cheers everybody!
Come on, Sev.
Cheers, cheers.
Cheers! You’re too far.
Why did you send me
that message?
What message?
You rejected me
again through text.
What do you want me to do?
I told you to come talk
to me in person.
Okay. Fine.
I’m sorry, but I don’t like you, Zo.
Is it because of the news?
‘Cause that was nothing,
I swear. Adi.
It’s not about the news.
I just don’t wanna be
in your spotlight.
So, just leave me alone.
Okay? Are we done here?
- Shot!
They already made a toast.
Love, what happened?
Huh? Nothing, nothing at all.
I wasn’t supposed
to hear that,
which is why
I don’t want to tell anyone.
I respect Clea’s privacy.
What?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Did Clea do something to you?
Why do you look like that?
It’s nothing.
I’m fine.
Just keep drinking.
Hello, babe?
Are you really okay?
You suddenly got quiet.
Okay.
Don’t worry, I’m fine.
I’m fine, don’t worry about it.
Okay.
All right.
I’ll head out first, okay?
I still have somewhere to go.
Oh, perfect. Via and I are
heading home, too.
She looks sleepy.
Yeah, I guess I’ll go home too.
- Let’s go?
- Come on, let’s go.
Okay.
Gosh, it’s still so early.
Oh my gosh! Is that Larkin?
- Hey, it really is Larkin!
- Oh my gosh!
Oh. Hi! Hello, hello.
Oh my god. It’s Larkin.
- Can we take a photo with you?
- Sure. A picture?
Oh my god!
Oh my god, oh my god.
Let’s do it.
Oh my god.
He’s so handsome!
Oh my god, oh my god.
Is that Sevi?
Larkin’s best friend!
Let’s take a photo with him too!
It’s hard, right?
It’s just kind of scary.
It feels so difficult.
I just really can’t handle
being in Kino’s spotlight.
Via, don’t get used
to living with hardship.
Because it will wear you out.
Can I get a picture?
And at some point,
you’re going to find
yourself giving up.
By the way, shoutout.
What’s your name?
Samantha Vera!
Can I get a picture?
Shoutout to you, Jed.
Happy birthday.
Thank you so much.
Oh my god.
How are you and Clea doing?
Larkin!
O, why?
Can I get a picture with you?
Of course. Sure.
Can you please
take a photo of us?
Thank you.
Sure.
Okay.
Can we get
a video greeting, too?
He’s so handsome!
Thank you.
- Thank you, thank you!
- Thank you.
Should I take
your picture?
I understand what Adi
said even more now.
It really is hard.
I’ve come to realize there
are people like me, too,
who don’t like putting themselves
out there in front of a lot of people.
Wow, there are so many people.
You mean so many people
being tricked by Arkin.
Arkin’s something else, huh?
Everyone’s cheering so loudly.
Right? There are so
many people already.
Let’s go.
One, two, three.
But Via…
What about me? This is what I want.
I’m not leaving your side.
I don’t want to get
caught up in his spotlight.
I’ll stay standing behind his shadow.
Pa, Via and I are together.
She’s my girlfriend. Not Clea.
Don’t you dare hurt Via.
I dare you.
I promise
I could never do that to Via.
And Pa, since you’ve accepted
me as your son-in-law,
I have something for you.
Son-in-law?
Pa, alcoholic drink. This is for you.
So you only brought this
because I gave my blessing?
I know you
wouldn’t object anyway
because I know you love me too.
All right then, let’s drink this now.
Here you go.
Thank you.
This drink you brought
is really good.
I hope this isn’t too expensive.
It’s okay, Pa. It’s just once in a while.
But Pa,
how did you know
I liked Via even before?
Please, it was obvious.
The way you looked at her.
The way you took care of her,
and how much you clung to her.
Especially after her
mom passed away.
Let’s go?
I’m just waiting for Papa.
Are they calling for us?
Are we the only ones
they’re waiting for?
Give us a moment.
And I still need to fix dinner.
My siblings might be hungry.
Mama said we should eat
first before we drive you home.
But we can still stay here if you want.
No, it’s okay.
It doesn’t hurt that much,
it’s more like…
a dull ache.
Because it hurts.
You’re not considered weak
just because you
admit something that hurts.
It hurts.
It’s okay, Via.
I’m here to help you.
I won’t leave you.
If you want to
cry right now, go ahead.
I’ll take care of everything.
But you know, son,
I’m happy that you
and Via are together now.
At least I know she’s in good hands.
You’re sure about that, Pa?
You can’t take it back.
Yes, I’m serious.
I’m happy that you’re
the man she loves.
And that you never left her.
So thank you so much
for loving our Via.
I’ve always said
this before, Pa.
I’m the lucky one with Via.
I’m the one who’s lucky to have Via, Pa.
And I promise...
I won’t leave her.
This tastes really good.
That’s strong, Pa.
Sometimes when I look at Via,
I think of Ivy.
She really didn’t like music either.
Probably because of her mom.
What do you want to hear?
That you love me.
You do love me, right?
If I say yes, what will you do?
I always knew they would
eventually fall for each other.
Inseparable.
You know, there’s nothing
wrong with having a crush.
I even had a crush
on Via from way back.
Are you still together
with your boyfriend?
I miss my boyfriend so much.
I really miss him.
I wonder if he misses me, too.
Does he still love me?
Happy anniversary, my love.
Fuck you.